Add documentation for fieldControl -> rendertype (#1204)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TCA: Documentation/ColumnsConfig/Type/Group/_Properties/_FieldControl.rst.txt

        button to open an element browser. It is enabled by default if rendering a
        group element.

>         ..  confval:: rendertype

Reviewer: We are talking about the normal render type here? It does not belong into field control...

Author: It does, because I'm using it. See https://github.com/TYPO3/typo3/blob/c4ce32bb04240aa409d0374b3e43e789da7280d2/typo3/sysext/backend/Classes/Form/Element/GroupElement.php#L49

Reviewer: Wouldnt the path be:
```
$GLOBALS['TCA'][$table]['columns'][$field]['config']['fieldControl']['elementBrowser']['rendertype']
```

Author: you are right, copy & paste mistake. Should I add the other rendertypes as well?

Reviewer: What other rendertypes?

Author: for insertClipboard, editPopup, ...

Reviewer: Yes please

            :name: group-fieldControl-elementBrowser-rendertype
            :type: string
            :Path: $GLOBALS['TCA'][$table]['columns'][$field]['config']['rendertype']
            :Required: true
            :Default: elementBrowser

>             Use a render type from core or your own. Custom render types can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Use a render type from the Core or an Extension. Custom render types can be
```

>             registered with the `NodeFactory <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:FormEngine-Rendering-NodeFactory>`_.

Reviewer 2: This link doesn't work (yet) @linawolf was this moved by chance?

>             registered with the `NodeFactory <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:FormEngine-Rendering-NodeFactory>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            registered with the `NodeFactory <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:formengine-rendering-nodefactory>`_.
```

Author: Why was this changed? It also works with the version before locally.

>             registered with XXX (Link to https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/main/en-us/ApiOverview/FormEngine/Rendering/Index.html#FormEngine-Rendering-NodeFactory)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            registered with `NodeFactory <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:FormEngine-Rendering-NodeFactory>`_
```

        button to open an element browser. It is enabled by default if rendering a
        group element.

        ..  confval:: renderType

>             :name: group-fieldControl-elementBrowser-renderType

Author: does this need to be all lowercase or not?

Reviewer: name needs to be lowercase

Author: is that really true? I have found others to be in the same format.
